Answers to Task 3
(5p) What to do to get the task accomplished and the team members’ satisfaction high?
  To get both the member’s satisfaction and the task done, the group must first have to get to know each other and understand our 
  strengths and weaknesses. Afterwards, we all need common ground rules when working and meeting as a group. A facilitator can be useful 
  when conducting discussions to control the flow of conversation. Communication must always be available so that if anyone runs into 
  conflict, we can assist them and solve common problems. 
  
(18p) Answer all the questions in the Work Norms, Facilitator Norms, Communication Norms using your own words and your own context.

Work Norms:
  o	How will the work be distributed?
    Group members will decide which tasks best suits them, then the group shall distribute the work accordingly.
  o	Who will set deadlines?
    Deadlines will be set by the team coordinator. 
  o	What happens if someone doesn’t follow through on their commitment?
    If someone doesn’t follow through on their commitments, we should talk to the person to resolve the issue and offer support when 
    necessary to complete the task.
  o	How will the work be reviewed?
    Group members should have access to all the work and are free the judge the quality of the work.
  o	What happens if someone have a different opinion about the quality of work?
    A discussion amongst members to find a common ground and resolution.
  o	What happens if people have different work habits?
    If everything is communicated properly and the task is finished, different work habits are acceptable.
    
Facilitator Norms:
  o	Will you use a facilitator? 
    Yes, our group will use a facilitator.
  o	How will the facilitator be chosen?
    The facilitator will be the team coordinator.
  o	Will you rotate the position?
    The position will rotate after every assignment. 
  o	What are the responsibilities of the facilitator?
    The facilitator will try his/her best to keep moving the group towards completing the assignment. The facilitator will also organize 
    discussions and help clarify and issues. 
    
Communication Norms:
  o	When should communication take place and through what medium?
    Communications will take place through Slack and through group meetings in the library throughout the semester. 
  
4p) As a team, select two cases out of the four mentioned in Handling Difficult Behavior. (use your own words and your own context)
  Out of the two of the four cases, our group chose “Argues” and “Too quiet”. If an individual in the group tends to argue, the group 
  should take consideration of what that person is saying. If the behavior is affecting the productivity of the team, then the person 
  arguing be informed how his/her behavior is bad for group productivity. If an individual is quiet, draw that person out with 
  conversation and assure them their input is valuable. 

(4p) When making decisions, If the team is having trouble reaching consensus, what should you do? (use your own words and your own context)
  If the group is having trouble reaching a consensus, we should all clarify our opinions and be open minded to everyone’s suggestions. 
  A majority vote on the topic could be using to resolve the issue.

3p) What should you do if person may reach a decision more quickly than others and pressure people to move on before it is a good idea 
to do.
  If someone is making decisions to quickly, the group should stop and ask questions such as “Is this alright with everybody?” to 
  reassure if the decision is what would benefit the group the most.

(3p) What happens if most people on the team want to get an “A” on the assignment, but another person decides that a “B” will be acceptable.
  Communicating to the individual how important the assignment is to the rest of the group is an action we should take in this situation 
  occurs. Convincing the individual to put extra effort for an “A” in the best possible solution. 

